yeah yep nada bins I'm still whipping
your main chick she buddy clean she let
it cook in my kitchen up super hot can't
turn me yeah hit it one time don't get
to fuck now ain't legacy while hunting
for the green guy's pocket full of about
my books I'm grind until I make it meat
industry's underrated like these people
calling me God the Alpha and Omega got a
bad bitch with a NASA talk about crazy
dropdowns and a stash in your underworld
the crew tubes never back no kitty cats
these Nikes cushion my feet nobody
counts the walling out this wagon got
for free got forget you're with the
chaser take your ice but the ring but
raise your wrap to raise your gun my
earth longing again we fade
baby-faced pulling up on my click the
flag is how gate is yeah
upgrade your shit and I'm running my
city I'm holding it down bother my
girlfriend the muck in the clown fit in
the bed looking nothing my channel your
nilly the foot in my town I'm faded keep
your chick with a swag I'll take it back
to my mom how I beat it go we're back
out be rushed in and we back out
i'ma get that kitty cat all the maybe
make her tell the besties that joy be
hit like jelly I'm faded stupid fucking
faded stacking chips no kind of dip in
these condiments over damn bitch try to
play me I'll pull it out a bust on the
face she said she wanna have my baby
i holla holla man can I get them godless
out I'm gonna go in the back a shout I'm
a sip slow - I passed out like a face
North with the pants down beat it up
till the bell sound heaven Sam for them
hell bound such a dog in my house
it's flavors everything different
flavors there's new kids no old shoes
your new bitch she old news we go wide
and we can't loose off Jacob bombs and
Craig goose pop out of the hole cooling
we are one so fuck you